Update `firebase-get-to-know-flutter` (#2345)
flutter/codelabs: firebase-get-to-know-flutter/steps/index.lab.md

---

{# disableFinding(METADATA_BOOK) #}
{# disableFinding(METADATA_PROJECT) #}
{# disableFinding(HEADING_NO_ID_H2) #}
{# disableFinding(HEADING_NO_ID_H3) #}
{# disableFinding("native") #}

# Get to know Firebase for Flutter

[Codelab Feedback](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/new)

## Before you begin

Duration: 01:00

In this codelab, you learn some of the basics of
[Firebase](http://firebase.google.com) to create Flutter mobile apps for Android
and iOS.

### Prerequisites

- Familiarity with Flutter
- [The Flutter SDK](https://flutter.dev/get-started/install/)

> - [A text editor of your choice](https://flutter.dev/get-started/editor/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [A text editor of your choice](https://docs.flutter.dev/tools/editors)
```

| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| <img style="width: 298.00px" src="img/73245a514a97e5a6.png">                                                                 | <img style="width: 298.00px" src="img/ace882b7591fe799.png">                                         |

### What you'll need

Any of the following devices:

- A physical Android or iOS device connected to your computer and set to developer mode.
- The iOS simulator (Requires [Xcode tools](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/xcode/id497799835)).
- The Android emulator (Requires setup in [Android Studio](https://developer.android.com/studio/install)).

You also need the following:

-   A browser of your choice, such as Google Chrome.
-   An IDE or text editor of your choice configured with the Dart and Flutter
    plugins, such as [Android Studio](https://developer.android.com/studio) or
    [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/).
-   The latest `stable` version of

>     [Flutter](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/web#set-up) or `beta` if you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [Flutter](https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install) or `beta` if you
```

```

The configuration command guides you through the following processes:

1.  Select a Firebase project based on the `.firebaserc` file or from the
    Firebase Console.
1.  Determine platforms for configuration, such as Android, iOS, macOS, and web.
1.  Identify the Firebase apps from which to extract configuration. By default,
    the CLI attempts to automatically match Firebase apps based on your current
    project configuration.
1.  Generate a `firebase_options.dart` file in your project.

> aside negative
>
> **Caution:** Within the code repository there is a different
> Flutter project for each step. If you switch between projects as you move
> through the codelab, you will need to re-run `flutterfire configure` in each
> project.

### Configure macOS

Flutter on macOS builds fully sandboxed apps. As this app integrates with the
network to communicate with the Firebase servers, you need to configure your app
with network client privileges.

> #### [macos/Runner/DebugProfile.entitlements](https://github.com/flutter/codelabs/blob/master/firebase-get-to-know-flutter/step_04/macos/Runner/DebugProfile.entitlements)

Reviewer: It seems this and the other `flutter/codelabs` link in the doc were changed to reference `master` instead of `main`. Since the repository uses `main`, can you undo that change?

}
```

There are a couple of points of interest here. First, you instantiate a form so
that you can validate that the message actually contains content and show the
user an error message if there isn't any. To validate a form, you access the
form state behind the form with a `GlobalKey`. For more information about Keys
and how to use them, see [When to Use Keys][].

[When to Use Keys]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kn0EOS-ZiIc

Also note the way that the widgets are laid out, you have a `Row` with a
`TextFormField` and a `StyledButton`, which contains a `Row`. Also note the
`TextFormField` is wrapped in an `Expanded` widget, which forces the
`TextFormField` to fill any extra space in the row. To better understand why
this is required, see [Understanding constraints][].

> [Understanding constraints]: https://flutter.dev/docs/development/ui/layout/constraints

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Understanding constraints]: https://docs.flutter.dev/ui/layout/constraints
```

}
```

You wrap the previous content of the `build()` method with a `Column` widget and
then you add a [collection for][] at the tail of the `Column`'s children to
generate a new `Paragraph` for each message in the list of messages.

> [collection for]: https://dart.dev/guides/language/language-tour#collection-operators

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[collection for]: https://dart.dev/language/collections#for-element
```

        });
        // ...to here.
      } else {

>         _loginState = ApplicationLoginState.loggedOut;

Author: This might be a reversion.
